Simplify the replacement steps (#117)
scalar-labs/scalar-terraform: docs/NodeReplacement.md

## Scalar DL

```
# AWS
module.scalardl.module.scalardl_blue.module.scalardl_cluster.aws_instance.this[0]
# Azure
module.scalardl.module.scalardl_blue.module.cluster.azurerm_virtual_machine.vm-linux[0]
```

* The index for `aws_instance.this` or `azurerm_virtual_machine.vm-linux` should be changed according to the node you want to replace.

> * If you are replacing a `green` node, change `blue` in the resource names with `green`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you replace a `green` node, replace `blue` in the resource names with `green`.
```
